c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\LogIn.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Owner.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\bin\Debug\Demo.exe.config
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\bin\Debug\Demo.exe
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\bin\Debug\Demo.pdb
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\LogIn.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Owner.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo.g.resources
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo.exe
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\Demo.pdb
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\SalesPerson.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\SalesPerson.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\SearchClient.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\SearchClient.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\JohnMays.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\NewCar.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\JohnMays.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\NewCar.baml
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\AddNote.g.cs
c:\users\licel\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\AddNote.baml
C:\Users\licel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\PreviousNotes.g.cs
C:\Users\licel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\PreviousNotes.baml
C:\Users\licel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\RequestClient.g.cs
C:\Users\licel\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\Demo\Demo\obj\Debug\RequestClient.baml
